README.md, before:

# Cordum - FrontEnd
![Cordum Screenshot](https://github.com/samuelorobosa/cordum-frontend/blob/main/public/application-view.png?raw=true)
## Quick Overview
 Cordum is a web application that enables user take notes in rich text and label them according to their respective categories.


## Features
- Users can sign up,login & logout
- Users can take notes
- Users can view, edit, label and delete notes
- Users can request for a fresh password if they forget
- More incoming...

## Technologies Used
 I used a bunch of tech in building this but to mention a few of them;

- `React JS`
- `PHP Laravel`
- `Tiny MCE Editor`
- `React Toastify`
- `React Hook Forms`
- `TypeScript`
- `React Query`
-  `Others if needed...`
 
## Setup
1. Make sure you've followed the steps in [Cordum-Backend](https://github.com/samuelorobosa/cordum-backend)
2. Run `git clone`
3. Cd into `Cordum-FrontEnd`
4. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for `Cordum-Backend`
5. Run `npm install`
6. Run `npm start`
7. Open `http://localhost:3000`
8. You should be able to see the application in action.

Commit message:

Post-fix: Updated REadme file

README.md, after:

# Cordum - FrontEnd
![Cordum Screenshot](https://github.com/samuelorobosa/cordum-frontend/blob/main/public/application-view.png?raw=true)
## Quick Overview
 Cordum is a web application that enables user take notes in rich text and label them according to their respective categories.


## Features
- Users can sign up,login & logout
- Users can take notes
- Users can view, edit, label and delete notes
- Users can request for a fresh password if they forget
- More incoming...

## Technologies Used
 I used a bunch of tech in building this but to mention a few of them;

- `React JS`
- `PHP Laravel`
- `Tiny MCE Editor`
- `React Toastify`
- `React Hook Forms`
- `TypeScript`
- `React Query`
-  `Others if needed...`
 
## Setup
1. Make sure you've followed the steps in [Cordum-Backend](https://github.com/samuelorobosa/cordum-backend)
2. Run `git clone`
3. Cd into `Cordum-FrontEnd`
4. Run `npm install`
5. Create an `.env`  file from the `.env.example` file, and configure it accordingly.
6. Run `npm start`
7. Open `http://localhost:3000`
8. You should be able to see the application in action.
9. Start hacking!
